Now let's take a look at the ternary
or conditional operator, which is one of my favorite operators in JavaScript.
Let's imagine we want to implement a rule like this.
If a customer has more than 100 points,
they are a gold customer
otherwise, they are a
silver customer, how do we implement this?
Well, first I want to start by declaring a variable
to keep track of the number of points. So, let points
we send that to let's say 110, now we want to
declare another variable called type that represents the
type of customer, and here is where we use the ternary or
conditional operator. So this is how it works, first
we start with a condition. We want to compare the number of points
with hundred, so we use the comparison operator here,
points greater than 100. Now as you
learned earlier, this expression produces a boolean.
So the result of this expression is either true or false.
Now depending on the result, we're going to set this
type variable to a different value. So here we
add a question mark, now if this expression
value is to true, that means this is a gold customer, so
we want to set type to gold.
Otherwise, if this expression devalues to false, we want
to set the type to silver.
So this is the ternary or conditional operator, to start
with a condition, if that condition evalues to true, we use
this value, otherwise we use this other value.
Now, let's log type on the console,
save the changes, so we have a gold customer,
in contrast, if I change the number of points to
90, and save the changes, we get a silver customer.